We open on a city sidewalk. People are around, but paying absolutely no attention to the player.

GoS: “I’m gonna need you to help out a bit with this, and press the PAUSE button.”

After the player complies and pauses the game, this begins a tutorial, where the Guide of Souls walks the player through reaching and using the map screen, something that will be essential for progression. The tutorial doesn’t finish, however, due to an interruption. The guide hears some game audio, and a small amount of dialogue.

GoS: “What the heck? I thought pressing the pause button for the game meant that the game would actually PAUSE!”

Player: “Maybe the story can’t be paused?”

GoS: “Maybe. Let’s see what I was interrupted for, at least.”

The Guide of Souls closes all the menus for us to resume the game, and we see a group of people entering a cafe. We follow them in, and they sit down and start talking.

???: ”I’m telling you, I don’t think he’s really dead.”

???: “David, you’re a jerk. He’s dead and gone, and you know it.”

David: “And how are you so sure, Rachel?”

Rachel: “Because I’m the one that found his body!”

David: “Yeah, after you saw him text you to say he was leaving, right?”

Rachel: “SHUT UP!”

???: “How about if BOTH of you shut up?”

David: “Stay out of this, Andy.”

Andy: “Every time someone brings this up, it’s the same argument.”

David: “Because I’m right.”

Andy (no pause): “That’s not the point.”

Rachel: “I’m just saying, he was buried just last week.”

David (Laughing): “Oh really now? Lemme see a picture of the grave, then.”

Rachel takes out her phone and shows it to David. The player moves over to see. It’s a picture of his grave.

David (stunned): “… Ah.”

Player: “That’s… That’s my grave.”

GoS: “Did you know these people?”

Player: “I must have. But now I’m drawing a blank.”

A pause; more movement among the three friends in the background. The player is given a choice to either keep listening or step away to process the information, where keeping listening is basically doing both.

==KEEP LISTENING==

The player moves back to the table to continue listening to the conversation.

Andy: “Sorry, I’m a bit out of the loop. How… hmm. (He pauses, contemplating how to phrase this.) How did… How did he, y’know…”

Rachel: “How did he die?”

Andy nods his head, timidly.

Rachel: “I’m not sure. I got to him just before the cops got there, and I never got an autopsy afterward.”

David: “So you didn’t see him die, but you know he’s dead.”

Rachel: “So you’re still continuing this?”

David: “Yep.”

Rachel: “Well, shut up.”

The group falls into silence, and the player steps away again.

==PROCESS THE INFORMATION==
The background fades to black, and we only see the player and the Guide of Souls. There’s a moment of silence before the player speaks.
~~~
Player: “She found my body.”

GoS: “How long ago did you die?”

Player: “I…”

GoS: “She seems way too calm to have found a body recently.”

Player: “I don’t remember…”

The table and the group of people in the café materialize again, isolated in the darkness.

Rachel: “I’m going home.”

Andy: “Why?”

David: “Because she’s ‘had enough of this clown,’ most likely.”

Rachel: “Bingo.”

Andy: “I’m coming with you.”

David reaches out as they leave, but they don’t stop. He gives up, putting his head in his hands.

Player: “Poor guy.”

The player leaves, and the Guide of Souls follows. Fade to black.

Player: “Who was I…?”
